lines,emotions
'Me Tiger Lily,' that lovely creature would reply.
Me no let pirates hurt him.
It is good. Peter Pan has spoken.
They said 'How-do?' to them, and things like that; and what annoyed the boys was that Peter seemed to think this all right.
Secretly Wendy sympathised with them a little, but she was far too loyal a housewife to listen to any complaints against father.
I complain of so-and-so
'Silence,' cried Wendy when for the twentieth time she had told them that they were not all to speak at once.
He was so much the humblest of them, indeed he was the only humble one, that Wendy was specially gentle with him.
'No, I won’t,' Michael rapped out. He was already in his basket.
While she sewed they played around her; such a group of happy faces and dancing limbs lit up by that romantic fire.
Peter was really the best dancer among them, but he pretended to be scandalised.
'It is sweet, Peter, isn’t it?' Wendy said, frightfully gratified. 'Peter, I think Curly has your nose.'
Ah, now we are rewarded for our sublime faith in a mother’s love.
Such a deliciously creepy song it was, in which they pretended to be frightened at their own shadows, little witting that so soon shadows would close in upon them, from whom they would shrink in real fear.
Now these three children had a faithful nurse called Nana; but Mr. Darling was angry with her and chained her up in the yard, and so all the children flew away.
'Hush. Now I want you to consider the feelings of the unhappy parents with all their children flown away.'
They all gathered round him in affright, so alarming was his agitation; and with a fine candour he told them what he had hitherto concealed.
This dread made her forgetful of what must be Peter’s feelings, and she said to him rather sharply, 'Peter, will you make the necessary arrangements?'
'It will be worse than before she came,' they cried.
'Who are you? How dare you? Go away,' she cried.
'She says she won’t!' Nibs exclaimed, aghast at such insubordination, whereupon Peter went sternly toward the young lady’s chamber.
I am going to give you your medicine before you go
No, no,' he told Wendy decisively
'If the redskins have won,' he said, 'they will beat the tom-tom; it is always their sign of victory.'
'I don’t see how it can have a happy ending,' said the second twin. 'Do you, Nibs?'
'It’s awfully sad,' the first twin said cheerfully.
'O Wendy, who is she?' cried Nibs, every bit as excited as if he didn’t know.
They all gathered round him in affright, so alarming was his agitation; and with a fine candour he told them what he had hitherto concealed.
Still it is best to be careful; and no one knows so quickly as a child when he should give in. 'Wendy, let us go home,' cried John and Michael together.
'At once,' Wendy replied resolutely, for the horrible thought had come to her: 'Perhaps mother is in half mourning by this time.'
'Tootles,' she cried, 'I appeal to you.'
Was it not strange? She appealed to Tootles, quite the silliest one.
'Thank you, Peter.'
'Tink,' he rapped out, 'if you don’t get up and dress at once I will open the curtains, and then we shall all see you in your negligée.'
'All right,' Peter replied with a bitter smile, and immediately they rushed to get their things.
'No,' he answered, pretending indifference, 'I am not going with you, Wendy.'
'No, no,' he told Wendy decisively; 'perhaps she would say I was old, and I just want always to be a little boy and to have fun.'
Peter not coming! They gazed blankly at him, their sticks over their backs, and on each stick a bundle. Their first thought was that if Peter was not going he had probably changed his mind about letting them go.
Two small figures were beating against the rock; the girl had fainted and lay on the boy’s arm.
'What is it?' she asked, anxious about him at once.
'Do you mean we shall both be drowned?'
'Look how the water is rising.'
'It lifted Michael off the ground,' he cried; 'why should it not carry you?'
Then rather curiously they both snapped out the same remark: 'Shut up!'
Great were the rejoicings when Peter reached the home under the ground almost as soon as Wendy, who had been carried hither and thither by the kite.
She drifted in one direction, and he was borne off in another, both cheering.
'You dunderheaded little jay!' she screamed, 'Why don’t you do as I tell you?'
The Never bird became irritated; they have very short tempers.
Peter, always sympathetic to the weaker side, could not help clapping; it was such a gallant piece of paper.
'I complain of so-and-so;' but what usually happened was that they forgot to do this or did it too much.
'Not quite empty, mummy,' Slightly said, after looking into an imaginary mug.
'May I sit in Peter’s chair, as he is not here?'
This was grumbling. 'We complain of John,' cried the twins.
The first twin came to Peter. 'Father, we want to dance.'
'Dance away, my little man,' said Peter, who was in high good humour.
'I am awfully glad she isn’t dead,' said Tootles.
'I think I knew them,' said Michael rather doubtfully.
'It’s an awfully good story,' said Nibs.
'Thank you, Peter.'




